JavaFX FlowPane
Description:

	A FlowPane is a holder of other UI elements. It allows the items within the Panel to automatically reposition based on the Panel's size. It will align items in a given orientation, either vertically or horizontally. You set prefWrapLength if the default preferred size differs from what you prefer.
	In general, this is one of the preferred approaches to take when dealing with your application being resized. The ability for items within the Panel to move provides flexibility in your application without requiring you to code that logic yourself. A good example of when someone might want to use this is when dealing with a Dynamic list of items. A to-do list would be a good example for this Panel, since you can add and remove items. Most people would prefer the window size to grow and shrink as needed. Of course, you should set maximum size values for this as well.
	Of course, not every tool is perfect for every job; the FlowPane would not be a good candidate for showing a table of data. It would not be a good candidate because the "Columns" and/or "Rows" in your table would not line up when viewing the table. You would be better off using something like the GridPane instead for that use case. Another case in which it would not be in your best interest to use this pane is when you need your items to remain in a fixed position, no matter how big or small your application window gets. There are times, like the file menu bar at the top, when absolute positioning is needed so your users know where to click instinctively, instead of having to find where it flows off.
	A good rule of thumb for knowing when to use this Panel is to ask: "Do you want it to work like a paragraph that gets too long for the page it is on?" If your answer is yes, then you have the correct Panel. If the answer is no, keep looking.
JavaFX HBox

Description:
This panel container arranges the children's UI items within it horizontally in a single row. Its utility as a single-row element makes it a very popular choice for toolbars and header sections. 
	Some key properties generally matter when using an HBox. The spacing property sets the distance between children of a UI item. Another popular key property is "fillHeight". Fill Height indicates whether the Panel should allow children to stretch vertically if the opportunity arises. 
	The "hgrow" setting controls how children within the pane expand horizontally when extra space becomes available in the Panel. For instance, you can set a particular child in the Panel to grow while others do not. 
	Something that was specifically pointed out is that HBox doesn't automatically align children to the same Height. I was given a couple of options to fix this issue if it is actually an issue for you. You can call "setFillHeight" to true so the items stretch to fill the vertical space in the HBox. You can manually set preferred heights for your children. Another option is to use a VBox within an HBox to manage the Height. Generally, you need to do this when mixing different types of controls, such as TextFields, Buttons, and Combo boxes.
	A time when you would want to use an HBox is for a form Row. When you have a label and an input field that need to be on the same line and grouped, another time you might use an HBox is for "Button bars," which are a series of buttons used to perform certain actions. An example of this would be us having a TODO list with three buttons in an HBox. These three buttons would be: Add, Remove, and Clear. Doing this ensures the buttons are together on the form in a line that is easy for the user to click each one.